In this C++ program we were asked to do work with vectors, adding and multiplying them together and also outputting them to the screen in the first function, with a small function 2 at the end that rotates user inputted numbers. 
  To start,I opened a header File which coniststs of the function names that will be used for the Functions program. After this I begin defining my function 1 for my first and second vectors as well as the vectors for additiion and subtraction. I begin with my declarations for each vector and the variables for those vectors. To start the program asks the user to input numbers to put inside the first vector and they are allowed to enter exactly 10 integers and the program places them into vector 1 all within a for loop. The same thing happen to vector 2 once the user finishes inputting the numbers for vector 1. Once this is completed the program them outputs the contents of vector 1 and 2. Once this is completed the program then goes through the vectors adding the corresponding numbers from each vector to each other and also does the same, but it multiplies them. These become two separate vectors and are outputted to the screen along with the first two vectors. They are also all separated by commas when they are outputted and they are all outputted on different lines. 
    In my Function 2 the program asks the user to input ten more numbers and they are put into a third vector using a for loop. It then prints this vector out to the screen separated by commas. Once this is done the program rotates the vector three times to the left, so the number in the fourth position would then be in the first position. It then outputs this new vector to the screen separated by commas.
      This then concludes the program and the program stops.
